another effective way to decorate is
using a stippling brush or sponges now
stippling brushes and sponges
some people think they're actually quite
similar and I suppose I do too because
really interesting effects with them
this is an area I've done with a
stippling brush that's this area just
here
and now I'm going to move on to a sponge
this sponge has actually got quite a
smooth texture on it and this area here
was done with that sponge I'm just going
to continue that area along
like that and this has got a quite a
coarse underside to it so we're just
going to get the course effect now I'm
just turning over
that's a very area there as you can see
this whole piece is masked off so that
when we finish this and take the masking
tape off and we'll be left with a really
interesting effect and it will all be in
squares now that's a good way of doing a
window now this sponge is quite an open
poured sponge and that area there has
been done with this one so I'm just
gonna pick up some more color and go
over there like that with it
other colors you can see the mixing
quite well together
and
lastly on this piece I'm going to use a
natural sponge which again will leave
more open Lord and this area here has
been done using that sponge
another thing that you can do is mask
off a glass and we've chosen a spiral
type effect with this one and then you
can just sponge in between the masking
tape with the paint and the effect that
we're looking for is like this glass
here
and once your windows section is dry you
can pull off masking tape but try and
keep it close to the glass or the
plastic that you're pulling it from and
that way you get a nice clean line as
you pulled it off
if you try and pull the tape up too far
in the air it'll actually give attracted
finish and this way you'll get a nice
clean line like that
now as you look at that you can see all
the different textures of all the
sponges and brushes that I used when I
was making that piece and likewise you
can see the similar effects with this
and again just pull it close to the
glass so that you're actually getting
nice clean lines as you go around